Clarify what subdomain is for when configuring ingress (#606)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/self-host-ingress.mdx

* *Hostname (optional)*: The hostname that you would like to use for your LangSmith installation. E.g `"langsmith.example.com"`. If you leave this empty, the ingress will serve all traffic to the LangSmith installation.

> * *Subdomain (optional)*: If you would like to serve LangSmith under a URL path, you can specify it here. E.g adding `"langsmith"` will serve the application at `"example.hostname.com/langsmith"`.

Reviewer: Would also add that this affects the UI paths and API endpoints.

Author: Added!

> * *Subdomain (optional)*: If you would like to serve LangSmith under a URL path, you can specify it here. E.g adding `"langsmith"` will serve the application at `"example.hostname.com/langsmith"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Subdomain (optional)*: If you would like to serve LangSmith under a URL path, you can specify it here. For example, adding `"langsmith"` will serve the application at `"example.hostname.com/langsmith"`.
```
